Allow configuration through environment variables (#4)
opensciencegrid/docker-frontier-squid: README.md

Configuring Squid
-----------------

|                         | Type               | Description                                                                                                               | Example                                   |
|-------------------------|--------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------|
| /etc/squid/customize.sh | Conf file (VOLUME) | One possible way to configure squid is by passing the customize.sh file.                                                  | -v ~/customize.sh:/etc/squid/customize.sh |
| /etc/squid/squid.conf   | Conf file (VOLUME) | One possible way to configure squid is by passing directly squid.conf file.                                               | -v ~/squid.conf:/etc/squid/squid.conf     |

> | /var/cache/squid        | Cache dir (VOLUME) | This directory contains the cache for squid. If the directory is persistent, the cache will presist after a redeployment. | -v /tmp/squid:/var/cache/squid            |

Reviewer: This last row is still relevant, i.e. if they want a persistent cache, they need to mount to `/var/cache/squid`

> * SQUID_CACHE_MEM - Sets the cache_mem option which regulates the size squid reserves for caching small objects in memory. Defaults to "128 MB".

Reviewer: Can we make this a table for readability?

> For more details, see the [squid official page](https://twiki.cern.ch/twiki/bin/view/Frontier/InstallSquid#Configuration).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details, see the [Frontier Squid documentation](https://twiki.cern.ch/twiki/bin/view/Frontier/InstallSquid#Configuration).
```

| SQUID_IPRANGE       | Limits the incoming connections to the provided whitelist.     |By default only standard private network addresses are whitelisted. |
| SQUID_CACHE_DISK    | Sets the cache_dir option which determines the disk size squid uses. Must be an integer value, and its unit is MBs. Note: The cache disk area is located at /var/cache/squid. | Defaults to 10000. |
| SQUID_CACHE_MEM     | Sets the cache_mem option which regulates the size squid reserves for caching small objects in memory. | Defaults to "128 MB". |
|---------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------|

Moreover, be aware that in order to preserve the cache between redeployments, you should map the following areas to persistent storage outside the container:
|------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| /var/cache/squid | This directory contains the cache for squid. See also SQUID_CACHE_DISK above. |
| /var/log/squid   | This directory contains the squid logs.                                       |

> |------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Reviewer: Could you add a sentence about how to actually do this via a volume mount example with docker run?

Author: No clue... But I can add a Kubernetes example.

Reviewer: I'm not as interested in a k8s examples since the OSG doesn't officially support it. I think what the Slate team had in their previous table was good (`-v /tmp/squid:/var/cache/squid`) as long as we clarify that `/tmp/squid` is a dir on the host and this is an option to be added to `docker run`.

Author: Done
